Bsswf 2024 comingsoon (#1762)
betterscientificsoftware/bssw.io: Site/BSSwFellowshipProgram/FellowshipsApply.md

### Timeline for 2024 BSSw Fellowship Program

<!-- Applications are now closed for the 2023 BSSw Fellowship Program. Check back in summer 2023 for info about the 2024 application process. -->

- **Tuesday, August 15, 2023**: Fellowship application process opens.
- **Tuesday, Sept 12, 2:00-3:00 pm EDT** Fellowship webinar, Q&A. [Subscribe](https://bssw.io/pages/receive-our-email-digest) to our mail list to be notified about details. Please see the [FAQ page](https://bssw.io/pages/bssw-fellowship-faq), where we will post Q&A slides, as well as the questions that have been raised (with answers, of course!)
- **Friday, Sept 29, 2023**: Application deadline, before midnight, PDT. This is a firm deadline that will not be extended.
- **December 2023**: Announcement of selection of 2024 BSSw Fellows.
- **March 1, 2024 – March 31, 2025**: Period of performance for 2024 BSSw Fellows.

<!-- - **January 17 - 20, 2024**: Fellows honored at the [DOE ECP Annual Meeting](https://www.ecpannualmeeting.com/). -->

> The BSSw Fellowship program fosters and promotes practices, processes, and tools to improve developer productivity and software sustainability of scientific codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BSSw Fellowship program fosters and promotes practices, processes, and tools to improve developer productivity and software sustainability of scientific applications.
```

> BSSw Fellows are selected annually based on an application process that includes the proposal of a funded activity that promotes better scientific software through a publicly available artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annually, BSSw Fellows are selected through an application process that includes a proposal for a funded activity aimed at promoting better scientific software through developing a publicly available artifact.
```

> We select at least three Fellows per year and honorable mentions as appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We select at least three Fellows per year and various honorable mentions as appropriate.
```
